Add docs (#80)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/getting_started/tutorial.md

# Wagtail Live Tutorial

> This tutorial walks you through building a live blog with Wagtail Live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial describes how to build a live blog with Wagtail Live.
```

> Create a `templates` folder inside your `liveblog` app. Add a `liveblog` folder in the `templates` folder you just created and create a `live_blog_page.html` file. This represents our `LiveBlogPage` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `templates` folder inside your `liveblog` app. Add a `liveblog` folder in the `templates` folder that you just created and create a `live_blog_page.html` file. This represents our `LiveBlogPage` template.
```

When logged into the admin site, a superuser has full permissions and is able to view/create/manage the database.

## Configure an input source and its corresponding receiver

We need an input source for our live blog.

> An input source is a platform (often a messaging app but any other tool that allows content editing and offering an API can be used) where we edit the content that appears on the front-end/client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An input source is a platform (often a messaging app, but any other tool that allows content editing and offers an API can be used) where we edit the content that appears on the front-end/client side.
```

We also need a receiver for our input source. The goal of a receiver is to receive/retrieve updates from an input source.

For this tutorial, we will use Slack as an input source and configure its corresponding receiver.

To do so, follow the steps in [Setup Slack Events API receiver](setup_slack.md)

## Configuring a publisher

The last step required is to configure a publisher.

The goal of publishers is to "publish" new updates to the frontend/client side.

In this tutorial we will use the long polling technique to publish new updates on the frontend.

> To do so, follow the steps in [Setup long polling publisher](setup_long_polling.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, follow the steps in [Set up long polling publisher](setup_long_polling.md)
```

That's it for the configuration part.

## Liveblogging

Go to [http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/) and create a new page of type `LiveBlogPage`.

You can choose the title you like for the page and fill the `channel_id` field with the ID of the channel you created in Slack.

Click on the `Live` button to display the page.

> Enter in the channel you created in Slack and start posting in the channel. You should see your posts in the page within few!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter in the channel you created in Slack and start posting in the channel. You should see your posts in the page momentarily!
```
